# Guide for using get_plots.py
By Jeena Yun (j4yun@ucsd.edu)

**get_plots.py** is an executable python script for generating and saving plots using Tandem fault outputs. The script requires the fault probe outputs (.csv files) to be in a single folder named 'outputs'.

The script relies on individual plotting scripts: **faultoutputs_vs_time.py**, **faultoutputs_image.py**, **cumslip_compute.py**, **cumslip_plot.py**, **misc_plots.py**, and **stress_profile.py**.

See **create_plot.sh** for command line examples. Example output files used in **create_plot.sh** and figures generated by the script are contained in **example** directory.

## Required packages
- numpy
- matplotlib (> 3.0)
- scipy
- [cmcrameri](https://www.fabiocrameri.ch/colourmaps/)

## Parameter description
**[General parameters]**
- save_dir: Directory to output files (and to save plots). You may need to modify load/save directories.
- --Wf, -wf: Maximum depth of fault. Mostly used for plotting purpose (to set ylim). [default = 24 km]
- --compute, -c: If used, the raw output is processed and saved into a preferred format. Otherwise, load the processed output. Turning off after initial usage is recommended.
- plot_in_sec, -sec: If used, the time axis become seconds. Otherwise, plotted in years.

**[Parameters for fault output vs. time at certain depth plot]**
(all optional)
- --sliprate, -sr: If used, returns depth of slip rate vs. time plot. [km]
- --slip, -sl: If used, returns depth of slip vs. time plot. [km]
- --stress, -st: If used, returns depth of stress vs. time plot. [km]
- --state_var, -sv: If used, returns depth of state_var vs. time plot. [km]

**[Parameters for initial condition plot]**
- --stressprof, -ist: If used, returns initial stress profile used for the simulation

**[Parameters for fault output image plot]**
- --image, -im: If used, defines variable for the image plot. Choice should be either 'sliprate', 'shearT', 'normalT', or 'state_var'.
- --plot_in_timestep, -ts: If used, the time axis become timestep. Otherwise, plotted in time.
- --zoom_frame, -zf: If used, event indexes or timestep ranges you want to zoom in.
- --vmin, -vmin: If given, min value for the colormap. Otherwise, vmin = data minimum or 1e-13 for slip rate.
- --vmax, -vmax: If given, max value for the colormap. Otherwise, vmax = data maximum.

**[Parameters for cumulative slip vs. depth plot]**
- --cumslip, -csl: If used, returns cumulative slip vs. depth returns plot.
- --spin_up, -spup: If used, cumslip plot only shows slips larger than the given value (i.e., spin-up). The slip amount at given stage is removed from all following event. [m]
- --dt_creep, -dtcr: Contour line interval for the creeping section. Required when cumslip plotting is on. [s]
- --dt_coseismic, -dtco: Contour line interval for the coseismic section. Required when cumslip plotting is on. [s]
- --dt_interm, -dtint: If given, contour line interval for the coseismic section. [s]
- --Vths, -Vths: Slip-rate threshold to define coseismic section. Required when cumslip plotting is on. [m/s] [default = 1e-2 m/s]
- --Vlb, -Vlb: When used with --dt_interm, becomes lower bound of slip rate of intermediate section. [m/s] [default = 1e-8 when dt_interm is non-zero; 0 otherwise]
- --ev_anal, -evan: If used, returns event analyzation plot.
- --depth_dist, -dd: If used, a histogram for the hypocenter depth distribution is plotted with the cumslip plot.
- --rths, -rths: Rupture length threshold to define system wide event [m] [default = 10 m]
- --cuttime, -ct: If given, show result up until to the given time to save computation time. Otherwise, show till the end of the simulation. [yr]
